# Note taking chrome extension (Javascript)

## General prompts used to generate this app
1. Generate me a chrome extension that allows a user to utilize ChatGPT API in a small popup using Typescript and React.
2. Provide me a boilerplate for the extension popup.
3. I would like to structure the extension so that there is an input field as well as a button at minimum. What other primary features do you think should be included?
4. What other secondary features do you think should be added to this project? Give me some examples and a boilerplate code for them.
5. Please check my tsconfig.json and webpack.config.js to figure out potential issues with running "react-scripts build" script 

## Personal notes
The first chrome extension project I worked on. This project was significant since I have not previously created any sort of chrome extension and went in more or less blind.
I was able to get a boilerplate for the extension popup and was able to get the extension to work as intended. I was unable to get Typescript to work with the extension and was unable to figure out why exactly so I decided to pivot to Javascript. Overall, this project was a good learning experience and I was able to get a better understanding of how chrome extensions work. Bard was helpful in this endeavor especially in its summaries providing additional information to go off of in regards to questions I've asked. 
On a side note, majority of this comment was generated by Copilot! I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of the generated text and will definitely be using it more in the future.
Even that last bit of the previous sentence was generated by Copilot, pretty cheeky if you ask me :P